Stefan jum/add dev content (#17)
unikraft/app-nginx: README.md

     10 directories, 7 files
     ```

## Scripted Building and Running

> To make it easier build and run and test different configurations, the repository provides a set of scripts that do everything required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier to build, run and test different configurations, the repository provides a set of scripts that do everything required.
```

These are scripts used for building different configurations of the Nginx server and for running these with all the requirements behind the scenes: creating network configurations, setting up archives etc.

> First, generate these scripts by running the `generate.py` script while on the `nginx` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, grab the [`generate.py` script](https://github.com/unikraft/app-testing/blob/staging/scripts/generate.py) and place it in the `scripts/` directory by running:

'''console
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unikraft/app-testing/staging/scripts/generate.py -O scripts/generate.py
chmod a+x scripts/generate.py
'''

Now, run the `generate.py` script.
You must run it in the root directory of this repository:
```

Replace the apostrophes above with backticks.
